Add initial VPA documentation (#1713)
giantswarm/docs: src/content/getting-started/operations/_index.md

---
linkTitle: Cluster operations
title: Cluster operations

> description: Guides to help you get going to operator your Giant Swarm clusters quickly.

Reviewer: Not sure how to rephrase it, but your phrasing looks too complicated to me.
```suggestion
description: Guides to help you operate your Giant Swarm clusters quickly.
```

Author: I would agree but descriptions but me longer than 70 characters :(

Author: How about `Guides and best practices to help you operate your Giant Swarm clusters quickly` ?

> description: Guides and best practices to help you operate your Giant Swarm clusters quickl.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Guides and best practices to help you operate your Giant Swarm clusters quickly.
```

Author: How did I even
